I will be victorious!
Hey, wait!
I thought your game plan
revolved around the idea
that Steel Lady Nanase
was not a ghost.
The unreasonable won't bow
to reason,
so we'll be inconsistent, too.
That's the best way to
establish logic from within.
If we can convince them
of a particular reason for
a ghost to appear,
we will inevitably find the way
to make that ghost disappear.
Take away its raison d'etre,
and then the ghost will
stop appearing.
Solution number two is go!
[opening music]
Steel Lady Nanase
isn't imaginary.
She's a real, bonafide ghost.
The question is:
why did Karin Nanase
reappear as a ghost
and start attacking people?
[Anon] What?
Wait,
we're doing this again?
The one who killed
Detective Terada
was Steel Lady Nanase.
He was out by himself
investigating the Steel Lady,
and was unlucky enough
to meet the real one,
who crushed his head
with a steel beam.
Detective Terada didn't believe
in ghosts,
so when he met a real one,
he was shocked...
[gasp]
And that's when he was hit.
He never had a chance
to fight back.
The reason the crime scene
looked so incomprehensible,
is because it was the work
of a ghost.
So what could be the reason
compelling Karin Nanase
to reappear as a ghost?
What were the regrets
she left behind in this world?
[Anonymous] Wouldn't dying
in a tragic accident
count as
a compelling reason?
Karin Nanase's death
is considered
something akin to suicide,
even though it was an accident.
That night, Karin Nanase was
so overwhelmed with despair,
she accepted the fact her face
was about to be crushed
by a falling steel beam.
It could even be argued
that she chose to die.
So why come back as a ghost,
to wander this world again?
And why would she pick
a steel beam
as her weapon of choice
after letting one
crush her face?
If she became a ghost to
strike back at the society
that drove her to
an early death...
I think it's safe to say
that she's finally
gotten her revenge.
Since emerging as
Steel Lady Nanase,
she's become a bigger star
than she ever was.
We have to ask,
what made her turn violent
and go as far as
killing someone?
The real reason Nanase
was chased
out of the spotlight
as an idol,
is because of the death
of her father.
A rumor started that
she had killed him.
That in mind,
her ghostly return,
would only instill fear and
stir up further criticism.
Therefore, the reason
Karin Nanase became a ghost,
wasn't her hatred
toward society.
She appeared, because
she wanted to tell the world,
about a different problem,
and a different truth.
And because the world refused
to understand
what she was trying to say,
it was only a matter of time
before she became violent.
Just think about it.
She hadn't been cleared
of suspicion of murder.
It followed her all the way
to the grave.
But if Karin Nanase really
had murdered her father,
what message would she
be trying to tell
the world right now?
She's enraged because
she didn't kill her father.
So she returned as a ghost
to make sure
everybody knew the truth.
But then,
is that truly the core of it?
Isn't her unbridled rage
actually an indicator
she's longing for
something else?
[wham]
[choke]
But this isn't a deduction...
[Kotoko]
True. For the second solution,
I'm nothing more than
a mere fiction writer.
The readers here seem
to believe in ghosts,
and support theories
that include them.
I'll solve this mystery,
and ritualistically,
make our ghost problem
a thing of the past.
[Kotoko]
Let's go back to the beginning.
Why did Karin Nanase, who had
a cult following at best,
suddenly become the target
of mass media allegations
of something as horrible
as patricide?
Someone plotted against her,
and forged these
nefarious allegations.
Karin Nanase had fallen
into a trap.
And that's why she's reappeared
in our world as a ghost.
Karin Nanase's return
is a protest,
against the sinister person
who tricked her,
and drove her to
commit suicide.
We have to take what
we know for sure,
and find out the truth behind
these ghastly allegations.
Who was the first to accuse
Karin Nanase
of killing her father?
What I'm proposing is risky,
but I have to take
the chance while it's here...
The suspicion was first put
on her by the one
who would later
become her alleged victim...
Karin Nanase's father.
Her father suspected she was
going to try to kill him,
and even left that in writing,
in a notebook found
after his death.
How could anything
be more convenient?
If Karin Nanase truly did push
her father down the stairs,
intending to make it look
like an accident...
she likely would've
been mindful
about any handwritten notes
he'd left behind,
and disposed of them
immediately.
Besides, it's hard to believe
she'd actually murder him
while he was telling others
that she scared him.
She would've instantly been
a person of interest.
[Anon] I heard Karin Nanase
was super intelligent,
and that's how she was able
to dodge investigations...
[Nameless]
But if that's the case,
she made a lot of mistakes.
[Anon] When you lay it
all out like that,
a lot of it seems
unthinkable.
So, Karin Nanase wasn't
involved in his death.
She didn't harbor
any malice toward him.
So why did her father feel like
she had him in her crosshairs?
The one who lured Karin Nanase
into a trap was her own father.
In order to derail his
daughter's blossoming career,
he killed himself in a way that
would appear accidental ...
and made sure someone would
find his handwritten thoughts
about his daughter's
malicious nature.
The strangest thing
about this story...
It could be true...
One can only imagine
the dynamics
of how
their relationship worked.
There are reports
he quit his job
because he expected part
of his daughter's earnings.
[Nanase's father]
That girl's made
a damn fool of me, I tell ya.
She's always rubbed
her superior intelligence
in my face.
[friend] But wait,
she's your daughter.
How can you say such
awful things about her?
You're crazy.
[Kotoko] It's probably true
that her father was wary
of their relationship.
He was surviving
on his daughter's flashy job,
after all.
But he also developed
an inferiority complex
because of it.
He was suffering,
and felt like no one cared.
That's what caused him
to resent his daughter.
If he couldn't achieve
the same amount of success
as she could,
he would commit suicide and
drag her down with him.
That was the purpose
of his death.
It was his last show of pride.
To that end,
he left a time bomb...
implicating his daughter
via his note.
[Kotoko]
And as he'd planned,
Karin Nanase was
looked down upon
and treated with suspicion.
[reporter] Miss Nanase,
would you care to comment
on your father's journal,
specifically the last note
he wrote?
I really don't know anything!
Now I'm sorry,
but I have to go.
Hey, hold on!
In this reporter's opinion,
the note your father left
behind was perfectly clear!
[reporter] He said that
you were going to kill him.
Miss Nanase!
[Kotoko]
That's what drove her away,
and led her to an accident
that many considered
borderline suicide.
That's how Karin Nanase
left this world.
And her soul,
moved to the afterlife.
Hmm?
[Kotoko]
And in the next world,
she was reunited with
her late father,
where she heard
the awful truth,
straight from his own lips.
[gasp]
[Saki] Huh?
"She heard the awful truth
straight from
her father's lips"?!
Are you kidding me?!
Where else was she supposed
to find out the truth?
After finding out
her own father
maliciously tried to ruin her,
she became filled with regret,
and her soul was unable
to fully move on.
That's why she came back
to our world
and is desperate to
tell people the truth.
She wanted us to know
the tragedy
that she did not
kill her father,
despite all the hearsay.
It was her father
who killed her.
That's why she came back.
That's why her spirit has gone
on a rampage.
Her father's betrayal
turned her evil.
She devolved into a monster.
But if we remember her
as she was,
and wish for her soul to
move on...
then Steel Lady will stop
haunting our streets at night.
[grunt]
The ones who believe this story
are the ones who can
bring her peace.
All of you must be the judges!
Karin Nanase,
also known as Haruko Nanase.
Let us lay her tormented soul
to rest
with our combined prayers!
[Anonymous]
I feel so sorry for her!
[Nameless]
That really changes
Steel Lady Nanase's image.
[Anon] I sorta understand
how her dad felt, though.
[groan]
[gasp]
They're totally accepting this,
despite her bringing up
the afterlife...
[groan]
[grunt]
[grow]
Hey, look...
I think she's weaker.
[Kotoko] I assume this means
that Rikka failed to predict
that we would switch over from
such an orthodox solution
to its absolute opposite
so quickly.
I tried to convince people
who want to believe in spirits,
that there was indeed a ghost
involved in this case.
That meant they would support
that argument even more.
I think Kuro had an easier time
choosing that future, too...
which doesn't hurt.
But this still
doesn't guarantee
that we've won the battle.
[Anon] I mean sure,
I can totally see
her own father
setting a trap for her,
but you know...
Honestly, it just looks
like she's getting her revenge
by wreaking havoc
on the world.
[Anon-B]
She even killed a detective.
Rikka's started exerting
her control over the flow.
If Karin Nanase's ghost
appeared more clearly
before now,
and came across
as more spiteful,
the second solution
might've been able
to conclude everything.
But unfortunately,
Steel Lady Nanase's fame
is a huge obstacle to overcome.
It's hard to believe that
a spirit who had such
valid complaints or requests
would become a ghost
so bent on wreaking havoc.
Nevertheless, Rikka wasn't able
to completely deny my story.
[Kotoko]
If we're going to go on
weaving the tapestry
of our story...
we'll have to focus on
making it something
that people across the internet
will find palatable...
Then Rikka will have to accept
certain premises of our story,
since it's been so persuasive.
We're in the minority with
a disadvantage,
but everybody loves
an underdog...
especially when they turn
the tables
on the reigning champion
who everyone was sure
had a clear leg up.
Now then, time for...
our third solution.
[gasp]
[Kotoko]
Let's try another hypothesis.
Steel Lady Nanase is not
a spectre.
She is a fake ghost created
by a living human being
for an unknown purpose.
Which means the one who killed
Detective Terada is also human.
Because Steel Lady Nanase
is not Karin Nanase,
its arrival and her death
don't match up.
That in mind, let's look
at the circumstances
around Karin Nanase's death.
There are still
some inconsistencies
about her demise.
Plenty have argued that
it doesn't sound like
the way someone like her
would go.
What's certain
is she felt trapped.
She had lost
her hard-earned place
in the entertainment business,
and a comeback
was proving difficult.
She was accused of killing
her father, on top of that.
And if those accusations
stemmed from
her own father's
handwritten notes,
then her whole life had
basically been shattered
beyond all repair.
The motives for a suicide
are there.
And yet, her older sister
has expressed doubts
about the likelihood of Karin
committing suicide.
[Anonymous] I heard
the interview with her.
She said she didn't think
that was enough to actually
get to her sister,
and that
she wouldn't willingly
let herself die such
a gruesome death.
[Kotoko] When a family member
commits suicide,
there are times when
the remaining family members
can't readily accept it.
If the reason behind
that suicide
is another family member,
they find a way to shift
the blame to someone else
so they won't be suspected.
But her older sister made
statements to the police
that only made her
a more suspicious character
in their eyes.
Would she have said all that
simply to shift the blame
somewhere else?
She'd had her doubts from
the very beginning.
Did Karin Nanase,
AKA Haruko Nanase,
truly perish?
Couldn't it have been
someone else
whose face was crushed
by the steel beam?
[Anon] Wait. A double?
[Anon-B] A double is
pre tty much a given
when you have a corpse
without a face.
The authorities
took the proper steps
to identify the corpse.
Her clothes, blood type,
fingerprints,
physical appearance...
But in all frankness,
how trustworthy is any of that?
Clothes can be changed.
And she wasn't the sort
of person whose fingerprint
would already be on file
with the police.
You could quite easily switch
out the personal belongings
in her room
with someone else's.
Her teeth were smashed
to pieces
along with her face.
There are plenty of
other people
who share her blood type.
You can't dismiss
the possibility
that she'd been switched
with someone else.
[surprise]
[Kotoko] Which means
it's theoretically possible
to have a double.
Because her face had been
smashed in,
dental records would
be useless.
It's possible someone could've
planted a double.
[Anon] Let's get real.
Switching bodies would've
been impossible.
[Kotoko] The rules of reality
don't matter here.
What's important, is that
Karin Nanase's older sister
actually had suspicions that
this corpse could've been
the remains of somebody else.
Her younger sister had died in
a very uncharacteristic way.
The sassy little sister,
who was smart,
and on the road to becoming
a popular idol.
There's no way
she'd die like that.
Of course she'd think
that way.
-[Kotoko] Or...
-[sobbing]
The more spite
you might've bottled up inside,
the more likely you are
to suspect someone else.
So who was responsible for
leaking her father's journal
out to the media?
The only probable answer is
Karin Nanase's older sister.
Was Hatsumi actually fond
of her little sister Haruko?
It's safe to assume she had
been unfairly compared
to her glorious little sister
their whole lives.
The siblings most likely were
not on very good terms
at the time.
Allegations that Karin Nanase
killed her father arose,
yet Hatsumi never made
any statements
in her sister's defense.
She didn't even try
to criticize the media
that had driven her sister
to the brink of suicide.
I believe Hatsumi sent
the media her father's note,
to get a bit of revenge against
her sister.
But the results of
her sending the note,
probably far exceeded
her expectations.
That's why...
[Hatsumi] There's no way
Haruko would just
let herself die so easily...
Isn't it possible that
someone else killed her?!
Someone else?
This corpse must be...
someone else's body...
[Kotoko] She began wondering
if her sister
had faked her death
to get revenge.
Realistically speaking,
switching out the bodies
would've been difficult.
But also not impossible.
And to Hatsumi,
it seemed entirely likely
that her sister would do
something exactly like that.
Haruko had always seemed
like the type
that would try to get revenge
if she found out
about the person
who had caused her misery.
I'm probably going to end up
killed like that, too...
Haruko would totally
do that.
[snap]
[Hatsumi]
No... No, no, no!
Haruko has to still be alive!
Those who have been
declared dead
are invincible avengers,
above suspicion.
Hatsumi was afraid.
[gasp]
[sinister laughter]
[scream]
[Kotoko] She was
so shattered by
the shadow of her dead sister,
that it started affecting
her daily life.
She needed a lie to save her,
and it came in the shape of
Steel Lady Nanase.
[Anon] Huh?
I don't get it.
Let's say
there's an outside party
who cares deeply for Hatsumi
and was trying to help her out.
[man] Haruko is dead
and gone.
Hatsumi needs to accept that,
or she's going to break.
[gasp]
[man] This is the only way
to help Hatsumi.
[man] I just have to prove
that Haruko's really dead!
[man] I just need to make it
so the ghost of
Karin Nanase appears!
[student]
And I was like, no way.
[Kotoko] He took on
Steel Lady Nanase's form
and started attacking people
on the streets at night
to fake the existence
of this ghost,
and to start rumors
spreading about it.
Most people wouldn't exactly
feel at ease
if the ghost of a family member
were to suddenly reappear,
but for Hatsumi,
it was a needed step
for recovery.
[Anon] So who would be
the suspect in that case?
Hatsumi's boyfriend?
The chances of that are low.
A boyfriend would've
had to leave
in the middle of the night.
Hatsumi would've noticed that.
The suspect is
someone resourceful,
with plenty of time
on their hands,
who would do whatever
it took to help Hatsumi.
We can also assume
it was someone who was single
and showcased
deviant tendencies.
The suspect dressed as a ghost
named Steel Lady Nanase,
which hadn't existed prior,
all for the sake of Hatsumi,
then killed Detective Terada
in a random encounter.
The suspect panicked
after murdering
the police officer for Hatsumi,
and might've wanted
to further their relationship,
potentially harming her
if rejected.
[gasp/scream]
Steel Lady Nanase
isn't a spectre.
We must track down this
dangerous degenerate quickly
and confirm that everyone else
involved in this is safe.
[grunt]
[gasp]
[sigh]
You okay?
Yes, I know how to pace myself.
Your third solution looks
pretty effective.
Even if they're just
for laughs,
a lot of people are
supporting it.
[growl]
[gasp]
[groan]
If that's the case,
Steel Lady Nanase doesn't seem
to be getting much weaker.
[Rikka] You insinuated
that the suspect
made up the Steel Lady
Nanase ghost in order to
soothe her older sister's
wounded heart,
but that doesn't make sense.
[Rikka] Hatsumi was afraid
her sister was after revenge.
To calm her down,
then Steel Lady Nanase's
persona would have to be
significantly milder than
the rumors indicate.
And yet,
if Steel Lady Nanase
has a tendency
to swing a steel beam around
assaulting random people...
Unable to avenge herself
when she was alive,
wouldn't she think that
her sister's ghost
was trying to attack her?
Besides, now that
he's committed a murder,
she would be terrified of him.
He'd tear Hatsumi's psyche
further apart.
Therefore...
The suspect's motive doesn't
match the method.
Hmm...
[Rikka]
If the motive falls apart,
that means the solution
based on that motive
should also fall to pieces.
[Anon] That's right.
The solution doesn't work.
[Anon-B] Really?
[Anon] You can't be sure
the suspect
[Anon] wouldn't do anything
contradictory...
[Anon] I mean,
maybe it's possible,
[Anon] but if
that solution's possible,
then any other one is, too.
[Anon] The suspect's clearly
-[Anon] a bit messed up ...
-[voices discussing]
-Actually, if the suspect
-only did things that
made no sense,
we would never be able to
deduce their actions.
[gasp]
[tense music]
[ending music]
Steel Lady Nanase is
not a ghost.
The fourth solution should
be powerful enough
that she'll simply
cease to exist.
Next time,
"The Ultimate Fiction."